  Documentarians are supposed to be objective to avoid having any effect on the story. And yet, we have more effect than
  anyone, because we decide to tell it.  And we decide how it ends.

Abed Nadir
%
  I discovered at a very early age that if I talked for long enough, I could make anything right or wrong. So either I'm
  God, or truth is relative. Either way, booyah.

Jeff Winger
%
Señor Chang: F. F-minus.
Pierce: Did you say "S"?
%
  Anyway, um, are you two an item, and if so, would that item be impervious to sabotage?

Dr. Ian Duncan
%
Jeff: Batman, are you staying for the party?
Abed: If I stay, there can be no party. I must be out there in the night, staying vigilant.
      Wherever a party needs to be saved, I'm there.
      Wherever there are masks, wherever there's tomfoolery and joy, I'm there.
      But sometimes I'm not cause I'm out in the night, staying vigilant.
      Watching. Lurking. Running. Jumping. Hurtling. Sleeping.
      No, I can't sleep. You sleep. I'm awake. I don't sleep. I don't blink.
      Am I a bird? No. I'm a bat.
      I am Batman.
      Or am I? Yes, I am Batman.
%
Troy: That's one of my biggest fears.
Abed: What is?
Troy: If I ever like woke up as a donut...
Abed: You would eat yourself?
Troy: I wouldn't even question it.
%
  Britta, I've got self-esteem falling out of my butt. That's why I was willing to change for you guys. When you really
  know who you are and what you like about yourself, changing for other people isn't such a big deal.

Abed Nabir
%
Abed: I hope they're not twins. Twins freak me out. They always know what the other one is—
Troy: —Thinking?
Abed: Yeah. And they're always finishing each other's—
Troy: —Pie?
%
Jeff: What is that?
Troy: It's a monkey.
Jeff: Why do you have a monkey?
Troy: It's an animal that looks like a dude. Why don't I have ten of them?
%
Troy: What's the prize?
Dean Pelton: It was a DVD Blu-Ray player but it was stolen, so now it's TBD.
Troy: I want TBD, is that new?
Pierce: If it's what I think I had it for a month in the 70s.
%
  Jeffrey, when I was born I got my umbilical cord wrapped around my neck, both arms, and one of my ankles. Mom said
  that there came a point when the doctors stopped delivering me and just started laughing. I mean, if I ever let being
  bad at something stop me, I wouldn't even be here. That thing some men call 'failure' I call 'living'. 'Breakfast'.
  And I'm not leaving until I've cleaned out the buffet.

Pierce Hawthorn
%
